Enhance docs (#45)
src-d/lookout-sdk: README.md

> <h1 align="center">

Reviewer: according to our CTO html in README should be avoided:
https://github.com/src-d/backlog/issues/1318#issuecomment-435921226

Author: I also read https://github.com/src-d/guide/pull/292#issuecomment-436597861 
>_Engine has this version because is a product [...]_

So since **source{d} lookout** is also a product, I just coppied the header from **source{d} engine**.

Has @src-d/product any guidelines about product's `README.md`?

Reviewer: I think we need input from @campoy or @mcuadros to move forward with it.

Reviewer 2: I prefer the html headers, but @mcuadros was quite clear on rejecting its use.
I'd say the safest route would be to keep `lookout-sdk` without html, since it's a lib, and use html only in lookout.

Author: I understood that **source{d} lookout** would be considered as a whole product, regardless it is separated in different repos, apps, libraries...
But, I'm ok with drop the HTML, that is hard to maintain, and change it again if @src-d/product requires it :dagger:

Author: I understood that **source{d} lookout** would be considered as a whole product, regardless it is separated in different repos, apps, libraries...
But, I'm ok with drop the HTML, that is hard to maintain, and change it again if @src-d/product requires it :dagger:

  <br>
  <a href="https://www.sourced.tech"><img src="docs/sourced.png" alt="source{d}" height="60px"></a>
  <br>
  <br>
  source{d} Lookout-sdk
  <br>
</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  Toolkit for writing new analyzers for <b><a href="https://github.com/src-d/lookout">lookout</a></b>.
</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/src-d/lookout-sdk/releases">
    <img src="https://badge.fury.io/gh/src-d%2Flookout-sdk.svg"
         alt="GitHub version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://pypi.org/project/lookout-sdk/">
    <img src="https://badge.fury.io/py/lookout-sdk.svg"
         alt="PyPI version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/src-d/lookout-sdk">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/src-d/lookout-sdk.svg?branch=master"
         alt="Build Status">
  </a>
  <a href="https://godoc.org/gopkg.in/src-d/lookout-sdk.v0/pb">
    <img src="https://godoc.org/gopkg.in/src-d/lookout-sdk.v0?status.svg"
         alt="GoDoc">
  </a>

>   <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pqz-_SHO5BsJE-aa8o_bAY3r5vR67amnWN8-qZc2UgY">

Reviewer 2: Why the link to the design doc? Did you take this from some template/other project?

I don't really like it. Since it's at the same level as the godoc reference some people may follow it expecting reference material. The design doc was useful for the planning phase, but now we are not keeping it up to date with the latest decisions and features. Also, this particular doc is not even well formatted, I would not link it at the same level as the godoc reference... I would not link it at all.

    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/source%7Bd%7D-design%20document-blue.svg"
         alt="source{d} design document">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center"><b>
    <a href="https://www.sourced.tech">Website</a> •
    <a href="https://docs.sourced.tech">Documentation</a> •
    <a href="https://blog.sourced.tech">Blog</a> •
    <a href="http://bit.ly/src-d-community">Slack</a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/sourcedtech">Twitter</a>
</b></p>

**Table of Contents**

<!--ts-->
   * [What does the SDK provide?](#what-does-the-sdk-provide)
   * [Caveats](#caveats)
      * [DataService](#dataservice)
   * [Contributing](#contributing)
      * [Community](#community)
   * [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
   * [License](#license)

<!-- Added by: david, at: 2018-12-07T15:43+01:00 -->

<!--te-->

> # What does the SDK provide?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# What Does the SDK Provide?
```

> _For the complete documentation of **source{d} Lookout**, please take a look into [http://docs.sourced.tech/lookout](http://docs.sourced.tech/lookout)._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_For the complete documentation of **source{d} Lookout**, please take a look at [http://docs.sourced.tech/lookout](http://docs.sourced.tech/lookout)._
```

_For detailed information about the different parts of Lookout, and how they interact you can go to the [lookout architecture guide](https://github.com/src-d/lookout/blob/master/docs/architecture.md)._

**lookout-sdk** provides:

> - **proto [definitions](./proto)**,

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the trailing `,`, it looks strange to me

Reviewer: I also noticed it but I thought it's just me

> - pre-generated libraries code for [Golang](./pb) and [Python](./python):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- pre-generated libraries for [Golang](./pb) and [Python](./python), offering:
```

>   - an easy **access to the DataService API though a gRPC** service to lookout analyzers, so they won't need to deal with actual Git repositories, UAST extraction, programming language detection, etc,

Reviewer 2: This sounds a bit like the lookout analyzers will be serving that DataService
```suggestion
  - an easy **access to the DataService API though a gRPC service**. Lookout will take care of dealing with Git repositories, UAST extraction, programming language detection, etc
```

>   - low-level **helpers to workaround some protobuf/gRPC caveats**,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - low-level **helpers to work around some protobuf/gRPC caveats**,
```

- quickstart [examples](./examples) of an Analyzer that detects language and number of functions (written in Go and in Python).

# Caveats

> For the gRPC client and server please to follow these requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the gRPC client and server please follow these requirements:
```

> When the gRPC client and servers are being used, it is needed:

Reviewer 2: This sounds like you have an option to use or not gRPC. What about
```
For the gRPC client and server please to follow these requirements:
- set...
- support...
```

Author: ```suggestion
For the gRPC client and server please to follow these requirements:
```

> - to set [max gRPC message size](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/issues/7927); using lookout-sdk helpers it can be done:

Reviewer: maybe we need to explain why we change defaults. (UAST)

Author: I agree.

Just to confirm that I understood it, I'd reword as:
>_to set a shared maximum gRPC message size in gRPC servers and clients (to avoid hitting different gRPC limits [see [grpc/grpc#7927](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/issues/7927)]); the `Analyzer` service should do so when dialing `DataService` and serving `NotifyReviewEvent` and `NotifyPushEvent`; using lookout-sdk helpers it can be done:

> - to set a shared maximum gRPC message size in gRPC servers and clients (to avoid hitting different gRPC limits [see [grpc/grpc#7927](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/issues/7927)]); the `Analyzer` service should do so when dialing `DataService` and serving `NotifyReviewEvent` and `NotifyPushEvent`; using lookout-sdk helpers it can be done:

Reviewer 2: This renders with too many parenthesis and brakets: "servers and clients (to avoid hitting different gRPC limits [see grpc/grpc#7927])"

What about:

```markdown
For the gRPC client and server please to follow these requirements:
- set a common maximum gRPC message size in gRPC servers and clients. This is required to avoid hitting different gRPC limits, see [grpc/grpc#7927](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/issues/7927). To do so use the included helpers in lookout-sdk:
  - go: using `pb.NewServer` and `pb.DialContext`.
  - python: using `lookout.sdk.grpc.create_channel`.
- support [RFC 3986 URI scheme](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/issues/1911); lookout-sdk includes helpers for this:
  - go: using `pb.ToGoGrpcAddress` and `pb.Listen`.
  - python: using `lookout.sdk.grpc.to_grpc_address`.
```
